Let's go ahead and, Do
the same thing, this time for
our film flowers.
So let's go ahead and
bring our film flowers over.
I'm gonna call this film flowers.
And so, I was thinking,
that what we can potentially do is
bring over our film flowers
where we positioned everything.
So it's this piece of code, and then
we're just not have the filter option.
And we'll just have everything being
rendered in kind of that forced layout.
So I think that might be fun.
So let's go ahead and do that.
So the very first thing that we're
gonna do, again, is create the SVG.
And then,
let's create our script tag again.
And, I'm gonna stop fighting code sandbox.
Okay, and the first thing we want
to do is we need to go ahead and
load in the movies data for us.
So in our observable notebooks,
I had already loaded in
the movies data separately.
And then, so we were able to
just access it in our notebooks.
But in here,
because we're starting from scratch,
we don't have the movies
data loaded in here.
So let's go ahead and do that.
So d3 has some options
built on top of fetching.
One of them is dot JSON.
And just it makes fetching JSON.
It goes and fetches and
then turns everything into JSON.
There's another function called d3 dot CSV
that does the same thing with CSV files.
So it just makes it very
convenient to load our data.
And I have our movies
data already loaded or
already saved here in our directory.
So let's go ahead and
call that .then, and
then movies should be loaded.
And if I console log movies, there we go.
So this is our movies dataset.
Hopefully, it looks very
familiar to you by now.
And let's go ahead and
copy over our code here,
and then go ahead and figure out
how to translate everything over.
So, We're
gonna take that, I'm gonna copy and
paste it over into,
Gonna copy and paste it into our block
that already has our movies data loaded.
So here we are, and now we don't have.
Now, we also need to go and
get this calculate graph function.
So, I'm gonna take out that line.
And let's go ahead and
grab it from this, our fourth notebook,
where we went and use scale to
translate our raw data into our
visual channels that
we can use to draw in.
So I'm gonna grab everything in
this calculate data function.
Actually, let me do this.
I'm gonna, I'm gonna bring the whole
calculate data function over.
And then, I'm gonna paste it just
outside of the d3.JSON load.
So now, if we do calculate data and
passing movies, we should hopefully see.
Wait, all right.
So let's call this function.
I'm gonna do it this way.
And then, You
should hopefully be able to see
something being drawn to the console,
which we're not seeing right now.
So let's see what's happening.
I'm going to go and
going here in console log movies.
Okay, perfect.
So we're seeing that.
Things are being console logged here.
We have our color scale,
and it's because we
need some of these arrays to be copy and
paste it over to.
So let's go ahead and do that.
Let's go get all of these arrays.
So those we can find in our
workshop utility functions.
So we have our top genres.
I'm gonna just paste that
right outside of our function.
Const topGenres, and
we need to go get our petal colors, and
we also need to go get our petal pads.
So, we're gonna be copying and
pasting for a little bit and do,
Const petalColors, and
we have petal paths
that we need to go get.
Okay, so Let's go ahead and do that.
All right, Petal paths,
I'm gonna take this part out.
Okay, perfect.
And then, let's see.
Now, we shall have all of
these variables resolved.
We have movies being calculated.
And so, hopefully now, we should have,
let's take out this .console log.
Now hopefully, we'll have still no.
So, let's figure out
where it's going wrong.
Look at that, okay,
calculate group position.
Okay, so I knew the film flowers is
the one I was gonna be a little bit
more complicated to copy over,
but that's okay.
So let's go ahead and
find our calculate grid positions.
Let's see, calculate grid positions.
Actually, we don't need our calculate grid
positions anymore because we're using
our force layout to position everything.
So we can just, we can take that up.
Let's see, there we go.
So that is everything
we needed to copy over.
And now, we have the objects with all
of the information that we've gotten so
used to seeing, and
with the colors and the pants.
So now that we have that, perfect.
So let's call that, actually.
And then now, what we need to do is go and
copy over the graph calculation.
So let's go and copy this over.
Now, we should be able to,
Say, const graph is equal
to, No, hold on.
So now, we need both
the filtered set of movies and
the filtered set of flowers.
But because we're not doing
our filters right now,
we'll just pass in the movies data,
the whole movies data set that we already
have and the translated flowers array.
So let's go ahead and
change this around a little bit.
And so, we're going to pass in our
movies array, our flowers array.
Let's go ahead and
replace this movie's part.
In this flowers part are into flowers.
And now, I believe we have,
let me see if there's any case.
So SVG is not defined.
And that's the only error
that we're having now.
So now, we'll go ahead and
calculate our flowers array.
And so that's our calculate data movies.
And then, we're gonna go ahead and
get our graph.
So our graph is equal to,
Calculate graph, and
pass in our movies and our flowers.
And I'm gonna console log the graph
just to make sure that that's
being calculated the way
that we're hoping for.
Yes, and so,
I'm just gonna pass in yes.